hey guys what's up we are back with
another video and we are taking a look
at the newly released pictures of the
kobe prelude pack we've heard rumors and
seem like very bad quality pictures of
these in the past couple of weeks except
now we have some higher quality pictures
and we can really tell what the shoes
you're starting to look like so i
thought i'd show you as you can see here
this is like the official picture that
nike released today showing all Kobe's
one through eight original your thought
to be one through seven but apparently
it is now one through eighth you can see
all of the kobes here and it says the
kobe prelude packet road to masterpiece
so there are definitely some crazy
colorways as you can see here my
favorites would have to be the six is
just amazing the six is on another level
the eight is really good the seven
reminds me of the Black History Month
pattern from this year and the five I
like the pattern except I'm just not a
fan of the materials on the five so i
think i'm not going to be trying to get
those four is really cool once again the
3s galaxy print except a friend of mine
is getting those so you know don't want
to have the same shoes as him but the
twos i love that marble print and the
ones i'm nice not for me though so
they're all really really nice some of
them just aren't my style but they are
rhetoric all the kobes which is very
surprising because i thought they would
for sure be retro and lebrons before
kobe's accept all the kobes our rhetoric
before any LeBrons are so this is some
pretty crazy news I'm going to flip over
the next picture which has some better
images so you can see here the shoes are
much closer up and you can see some of
some of the details in them I know the
quality still is the best on this
picture but you can definitely make out
details in the shoe so as you can see
they have Kobe models 1 through 8 and
all different colors all different
themes what it looks like and on the
inside of the tug on the insole they all
have different shoutouts to his career
like the gay be scored three points to
score like 81 points cool correct me if
i'm wrong i think it was 81 against
toronto and
the years you want to championships and
stuff like that they have shoutouts to
his past in his career in the inside of
the shoe so that is definitely a nice
touch that's obviously why it's called
the pre lewd pack as far as release
dates go there are no set in stone
release dates except according to
sneakernews the Kobe one will be
releasing on not this coming Saturday
but next Saturday so like the 13th or
14th and then the weekend after that to
the 21st would be the Kobe to end of the
weekend after that would be the Kobe 3
and so on and so on so they would
release weekly over the period of two
months eight weeks so they would not all
be on the same day which definitely
makes them harder to a cop because if a
choose released on the same day you
always have the chance to get that one
shoe while everyone else is going for
another one we don't know how limited
they are either hopefully they're not
crazy limited and hope you like
footlocker and friends will be getting
them but even if they are nike exclusive
there still is a chance of getting them
as long as they don't pull like an
easier galaxy Foamposite on these and
make them super limited so that's all I
have to say guys no set prices no set
release dates I just wanted to show you
these and please tell me down in the
comments section what you think of these
which one's your favorite let me know
and which one is your least favorite
also please hit that like button if you
enjoyed this video or found it helpful
and if you're new to my channel watching
this please hit that subscribe button
they'll be much appreciated so that's it
for today guys until next time peace